Risco Local (#23802)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/risco.markdown

ha_integration_type: integration
---

This integration connects with Risco Alarms, in one of two ways:

## Risco Cloud (recommended)

> The integration will connect with your alamr over [Risco Cloud](https://riscocloud.com/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The integration will connect with your alarm over [Risco Cloud](https://riscocloud.com/).
```

If you have multiple sites, only the first site will be used.

## Local (advanced)

The integration will connect locally to your system.

> No depency on the cloud, and instantenous updates, but is harder to set up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
No dependency on the cloud, and instantaneous updates, but is harder to set up.
```

You will need the master code to your system, and with older models,

> you might need to either disconnect your system from the cloud, or setup a proxy that will allow you to connect both.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you might need to either disconnect your system from the cloud, or set up a proxy that will allow you to connect both locally and via the cloud.
```

> The loacl version of the integration does not support events, and the `arming` state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The local version of the integration does not support events, and the `arming` state.
```
